fix(analytics): update backend analytics documentation (#14229)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/development-infrastructure/analytics.mdx

class ExampleEndpoint(Endpoint):
    def post(self, request):
        example = Example.objects.create(...)
        analytics.record(
            ExampleTutorialCreatedEvent(
                id=example.id,
                user_id=request.user.id,
            )
        )
        return Response(serialize(example, request.user))
```

Do whatever you would normally with the endpoint, then use the `analytics.record` method to gather the information you want. Note that it takes input of the form:

```python
analytics.record(
    <EventClass>(
        <attribute_name_0>=<value>,
          ....
        <attribute_name_n>=<value>,
    )
)
```

There is an older, deprecated, way to record analytics events using the `type` passed in the `eventclass` decorator: 

```python
analytics.record(
    'event_type_as_string',
    <attribute_name_0>=<value>,
      ....
    <attribute_name_n>=<value>,
)
```

<Alert level='warning'>
  This way of recording analytics events is deprecated and will be removed in a future release as it has several drawbacks. For one, it sidelines static type checking and cannot make guarantees about the passed attributes.
</Alert>

> Run the tests that touch the endpoint to ensure everything is Gucci.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the tests that touch the endpoint to ensure everything works.
```
